New hire form flow #775 (#818)
joemasilotti/railsdevs.com: CHANGELOG.md

### March

> * March 20 - Update developer query to not duplicate records with multiple matching specialties #822 @bschrag620
> * March 19 - Added business new hire forms and admin new hire forms #818 @MikeRayUX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* March 21 - Added business new hire forms and admin new hire forms #818 @RomanTurner @MikeRayUX
* March 20 - Update developer query to not duplicate records with multiple matching specialties #822 @bschrag620
```

* March 18 - Add developer specialties #803
* March 16 - Don't retry emails for invalid/unsubscribed recipients #798 @zzJZzz
* March 15 - Fix Preview image doesn't change when select new avatar in profile page #787 @ryy
* March 10 - Automate subscriber cancellation email #795 @sarvaiyanidhi
* March 8 - Add a tooltip to replied and email headers on the admin conversations dashboard #796 @franlocus
* March 7 - Automate subscriber welcome email #794 @duncantmiller

> * March 3 - Added business new hire forms and admin new hire forms #775 @RomanTurner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
